Angular is a JS framework which allows you to create reactive Single-Page-Applications (SPAs).


			How Angular works in browser:

Index.html is the only page served on the client side (browser)

In the project, 'main.ts' is loaded first on runtime (and adds a bunch of 'script' elements in the end of the index.html file in the browser) which basically points to 'app.module' which contains 'bootstrap: [AppComponent]' so basically, the code inside AppComponent gets into index.html inside '<app-root>'



			Components
Components are key features in Angular. You build your whole application by composing it from a couple of components, which are created by us.

Angular uses componnets to build webpages.

We put the rest of the components inside the 'AppComponent', thier selecteor would be added into the 'app.component.html' file

To build a component, create new folder inside the 'app' folder and name it such that folder name = component name. Each component typically should have its own folder. To create the component inisde this folder, convention: '[component_name].component.ts' (eg, 'server.component.ts')


Component = TS class, it has to be exported to be used outside the file it is being defined

naming convention: 'export class ServerComponent' (name of the component, followed by desscription)

To tell angular it is not just any typescript but a component, a decorator(@Component()) is added on top of the class (Decorators enhance your elements you use in code)

To import the decorator : import { Component } from '@angular/core';

You need to pass a JS object to @Component() decorator to configure it 
In the js object: following properties are important: 'selector'and 'templateUrl'



			Modules
To use our own components, some modification is needed in 'app module'
Angular uses modules to basically bundle different pieces, e.g. components of your app into 'packages'
A module is bundle of functionalities of our app and it gives Angular the information which features does my app have and use.

Register your component in 'app.module.ts' inside the array in 'declarations' property in JS object of @NgModule() decorator. 


No 'ts' extension while importing the component, they are added by 'webpack' which bunldes our project automatically.

The property 'imports' in @NgModule() JS object simply allows us to add some other modules to this module

If you generate component through CLI, it is automatically added to app.module.ts, hence recommended to use CLI approach.

			SPEC File details
SPEC file in a component is used for testing.

			Templates
External template file = separate component.html file that gets created inside the component (refernced by 'templateUrl' in the JS object in @Component decorator in component.ts)
Internal template = html code within the component.ts file (refernced by 'template' in the JS object in @Component decorator in component.ts)

Inside the 'template' property in JS object, you can write html code, you can use back-ticks (`) to write multi-line html code. 

Either template or templateUrl must be present in the JS object.

			Component Styles
We can use bootstrap defined html classes for styling or create/overwrite our style just like normal css in component.css

We can make use of 'styleUrls' (an 'array', since multiple stylesheets could be referenced here) to refernce to an eternal css file
and 'styles' (an array of strings) to write inline styles for the component

Can't use both 'styles' and 'styleUrls'. Only one of them can be used!!

			Selector
Selector could be an element, ('app-servers'), could be an attribute ('[app-servers]'), could be class ('.app-severs')

Selecting by id isn't supported by Angular.
